cami Chapas for the second year row row
the dreamgirls mile champion this year
though you broke out the me record it's
a young record but nonetheless a pretty
very good time talk about what your
hopes were coming into it I'm getting
into it going to this race I'm coming
off a bad race of last week thank you so
much coming off a bad race of last week
and I decided to go into it and just get
back to racing as myself get back to
having fun with it and um support of
everybody my friends and my family just
really helps me get out here and just be
motivated to give it my best dude yeah
from the training we've been doing I
just knew I wanted to PR and PR eng my
1600 PR was 440 from last year at state
meet and this year I didn't run that
while his to me but I knew that I had a
PR in me this year because I've been
training so hard and um no matter what
if it's just slightly under this way
under great but um I just wanted to race
and go for the win yeah what
sure um last week I just saw one girl go
by me and then I was like crab it's not
another hug goodbye and another and
another and it just I panicked to be
honest and that doesn't happen to me so
I was nervous after the race like what's
going on why did I panic but I think I
really needed to come up here to New
York to kind of not only um prove
something to myself but really get back
to like I said racing and having fun
with it because that's what is about
Nicki
this week
well this week I focused on keeping calm
and kind of breathing and if someone
passes me don't panic and that's what
happened going into the last lap I'm not
sure what her name was but um she took
it out in front of me and angel and I
didn't panic I just went with angel and
what she wanted to go I was like I want
this more yeah cash yeah and she had an
amazing race everybody kind of pulled
each other through that race is great
the only problem is p showdown I don't
know I haven't I've never raced against
her but she's never um but she's a great
runner in I think it'd be really fun to
race with her and um pull each other to
the fast time so we'll see yeah it'd be
fun yeah I can't believe this yeah